# cs454dragoncalculator

## Alternating the Use of Addition and subtraction on Binary Strings

### Introduction:
In this problem our goal will be to create a DFA that takes in two binary strings and adds them together. The binary strings however will first take the weights of positions that contain 1’s in both strings and switch between adding and subtracting their equivalent value. The resulting numbers will then be added together in order to generate the final output. This problems concept is similar to the Dragon Curve described by Martin Gardner in his Scientific American column Mathematical Games in 1967.We will start by by making the DFA that is used to add two binary strings as shown in class. From here we will modify it so that will be able to due subtraction and switch between the two operations. 

### Input:
Our program will expect to receive two binary strings w1 and w2. These strings should consist of any series of ones and zeros. The strings will be read from left to right so for example 10 will be read as 1 then 0. This will ensure the largest bit is added preventing negative numbers.

### Output:
Our program will output the equivalent decimal number generated by the process described above. Thus if we give the strings 1010 and 101 the output should be 9. This is done by 1010 -> 2^3 - 2^1 = 110 then adding 101 -> 2^2 - 2^0 = 11 finally equaling 1001.

### Sample Inputs and Outputs:
Input: 1010, 101 Output: 1001

Input: 11010, 111 Output: 1011

Input: 1000101001, 1110110 Output: 1000010101
